Document remote script sources for hooks (#3207)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/2.0/docs/pipelines/guides/hooks/configuring.md

Any changes a hook makes to files are not persisted. The copy is discarded once the hook finishes, so edits are never committed, pushed, or seen by the rest of the run. Because each hook gets its own fresh copy, hooks also do not see file changes made by other hooks.

### Remote script sources

> By default, `execute` runs programs committed to the repository itself. To run a script defined in a different location, declare a `source`: a [go-getter](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-getter#url-format) URL that Pipelines fetches before the hook runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To execute a script from a remote source, declare a `source`: a [go-getter](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-getter#url-format) URL, and set `execute` to a path within the remote source.
```

```hcl
repository {
  after_hook "policy_scan" {
    name     = "Policy Scan"
    commands = ["plan"]
    source   = "git::https://github.com/acme/pipelines-hooks.git?ref=v1.2.0"
    execute  = ["bash", "$PIPELINES_HOOK_CTX_SOURCE_DIR/scripts/scan.sh"]
  }
}
```

> The source is fetched into a directory whose path is exported to the hook in the `PIPELINES_HOOK_CTX_SOURCE_DIR` environment variable, and references to that variable in `execute` are expanded before the hook starts. The variable is set in the hook's environment like any other [context variable](/2.0/reference/pipelines/hooks-api), so the program `execute` runs can also read it directly (for example, a script committed to the repository can use it to invoke tools from the fetched source). The working directory does not change: the hook still runs from its isolated copy of the repository, with the fetched files available alongside it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source is fetched into a directory whose path is provided to the hook as the `PIPELINES_HOOK_CTX_SOURCE_DIR` environment variable. This variable is expanded within the `execute` arguments, allowing execute to reference files within the source.

Within a hook, `PIPELINES_HOOK_CTX_SOURCE_DIR` can be used to reference (i.e. import) other files from the fetched source.

Using `source` does not affect the working directory `execute` runs in.
```

> The URL accepts the same syntax as [Terragrunt module sources](https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/docs/reference/hcl/blocks/#terraform), handled by go-getter. Pin a `ref` so hook runs are reproducible. A source must resolve to a directory, from which you specify the script to run via the `execute` arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URL accepts the same syntax as [Terragrunt module sources](https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/docs/reference/hcl/blocks/#terraform), handled by go-getter. Pin a `ref` so hook runs are reproducible. A source must resolve to a directory, paths to individual files are not supported.
```
